Bump Cairo and Scarb to 2.3.0 (#955)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/testing/test-collection.md

> Starknet Forge will collect tests only from these places:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starknet Forge will collect tests only from modules annotatied with `#[cfg(test)]`. It will look for these modules in:
```

- any files reachable from the package root (declared as `mod` in `lib.cairo` or its children) - 

> these have to be in a module annotated with `#[cfg(test)]`

Author: Another meaningful change

> - any files reachable from the package root (declared as `mod` in `lib.cairo` or its children) - 
> these have to be in a module annotated with `#[cfg(test)]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- any files reachable from the package root (declared as `mod` in `lib.cairo` or its children)
```
